Document NeoPool light platform and options flow (#46751)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/neopool.markdown

  description: Protocol framer to use. `tcp` works for most gateways. Pick `rtu` only if your gateway forwards raw RTU frames over TCP.
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

{% include integrations/option_flow.md %}

{% configuration_basic %}
Enable pool light relay:
  description: Turn on if your pool controller has a pool light wired to the lighting relay. When enabled, a **Pool light** entity is added so you can switch the light from Home Assistant. Off by default because the controller cannot detect whether a physical light is wired to the relay.
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

## Supported functionality

> The integration exposes the controller's runtime state as sensor entities, plus an optional light entity for the pool light relay. **Only entities backed by a detected hardware module or an enabled controller option are registered**; the rest stay hidden until the module or option becomes available. Each bullet below lists the specific requirement for that entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration exposes the controller's runtime state as sensor entities, plus an optional light entity for the pool light relay. **Only entities backed by a detected hardware module or an enabled controller option are registered**. The rest stay hidden until the module or option becomes available. Each bullet below lists the specific requirement for that entity.
```

### Light

> - **Pool light**: switches the pool light relay on and off. Added when the pool light relay has been enabled in the integration options and the controller has a lighting relay configured. The entity state reflects the actual relay state regardless of whether the relay is in automatic or manual mode. Turning the light on or off is only possible when the light timer is set to a manual mode; if the timer is in an automatic mode, Home Assistant shows an error and does not change the relay so it does not fight the schedule. Change the timer mode to manual on the controller itself to control the light directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Pool light**: switches the pool light relay on and off. Added when the pool light relay is enabled in the integration options, and the controller has a lighting relay configured. The entity state reflects the relay's actual state, regardless of whether the relay is in automatic or manual mode. Turning the light on or off is only possible when the light timer is set to manual mode. If the timer is in automatic mode, Home Assistant shows an error and does not change the relay, so it does not override the schedule. Change the timer mode to manual on the controller itself to control the light directly.
```
